Added read catalog example for iOS and Android (#20)
heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp: examples/dataservice-read/CMakeLists.txt

# License-Filename: LICENSE
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.5)

set(EDGE_SDK_DATASERVICE_READ_EXAMPLE_TARGET dataservice-read-example)

> set(EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING "Reading partition's data from catalog performed successfully")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING "Reading the partition data from the catalog completed successfully")
```

> set(EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING "Failed to read data from the catalog!")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING "Failed to read data from the specified catalog!")
```

if (IOS)
    include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../helpers/cmake/gen_ios_example.cmake.in)

> 

Reviewer: remove one newline

    gen_ios_example_application(${EDGE_SDK_DATASERVICE_READ_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
                                ${EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING}
                                ${EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING})

elseif (ANDROID)

>     include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../helpers/cmake/gen_android_example.cmake.in)

Reviewer: can we not use ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR/examples/helpers/....

    set(EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_NAME "dataservice_read_example")

>     set(EDGE_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_JNI_NAME "dataservice_1read_1example")

Reviewer 2: is it done intentionally?

Author: You meant about 1s? Yes, it is for JNI - basically, it is how JNI 'translate' JAVA native methods.

Alternatively, we can invoke JNI compiler to generate those methods' names automatically during CMakeLists.txt execution and replace generated names via configure_file(). It is more complex way, but, I guess, it is how it should be done.
